[DRAFT] Initial version of the boundary event documentation (#1)
DmytroKost/docs: content/en/docs/refguide/modeling/application-logic/workflows/perform-workflow-basic-functions.md

* When the clipboard contents has an **Annotation**, it can only be pasted into the workflow or into individual activities that support annotations.
* Pasting an activity after an **End** or **Jump** activity results in a consistency error as an **End** or **Jump** activity should be placed at the end of a flow.
* Pasting activity can result in a consistency error when the next activity becomes unreachable by either placing an **End** or **Jump** activity in front of it or when all flows before a merge end with an **End** or **Jump** activity.

> * Pasting a boundary event on a **User Task**, **Wait For Notification**, **Call Microflow**, **Call Workflow** adds it to the activity if there are less than five.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Pasting a boundary event on a **User Task**, **Wait For Notification**, **Call Microflow**, **Call Workflow** adds it to the activity, provided there are less than five.
```

> * Pasting a **Jump** directly inside a non-interrupting boundary event flow will result in a consistency error, except when pasted inside a **Decision**

Reviewer: It is also allowed for other outcome paths...

```suggestion
* Pasting a **Jump** directly inside a non-interrupting boundary event flow will result in a consistency error. However, pasting it is allowed on outgoing flows from activities except parallel split paths.
```

> * Pasting a **Jump** directly inside a non-interrupting boundary event flow will result in a consistency error. However, pasting it is allowed on outgoing flows from activities except parallel split paths.

Reviewer 2: Can we combine these lines and explain when it's possible (the initial sentence might scare readers off)? Pasting a Jump inside a non-interrupting boundary path is (only) possible when there are multiple flows going to the boundary path end (e.g. a user task with multiple outcomes). 
A screenshot of what is not possible and what is possible would help
Note: Jump is one of the most used activities, so we have to make sure we explain it clear and correct.

Author: I added another description of why this is not allowed, and made it a bit more clear.

> * Pasting an **End** inside a non-interrupting boundary event flow will result in a consistency error.

Reviewer 2: Can we also explain why it's not allowed?
An End activity means no (other) paths are active and no further activities will be executed. This is however not the case here as there might be other paths/activities still active.

Author: Added explanation.
